RDAPI-23700 YamlES CLI update: adding new import parameter (#1841)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_yamles/apim_yamles_cli/yamles_cli_importexport.md

To check the passphrase, an ESConfiguration entity must exist in the configuration. If a passphrase check cannot be performed, a warning is shown on stdout. If passphrase checks cannot be done, and your configurations contains encrypted data, you must ensure the passphrases for the source and target configurations are correct so that the sensitive data can be decrypted successfully from the resulting target configuration. The target configuration passphrase is used for the updated target configuration that contains the merged configuration.

> If a source configuration contains unresolved absolute externalized files (files not present on the system running the CLI), an error will occur since the configuration is not loadable. In order to be able to import such configurations, the `--allow-unresolved-absolute-files` parameter must be provided.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a source configuration contains `{{file "..." }}` placeholders pointing an absolute files an error may occur at load-time  if those files are not present on the system running the CLI. In order to be able to import such configurations, use the  `--allow-unresolved-absolute-files` parameter.
```

Author: Sounds good.

Reviewer 2: pointing TO an absolute file (no S)

The following are examples of how you can use the `import` option in the `yamles` CLI to import a YAML configuration into another YAML configuration.

> **Example 1**: Specify the YAML configuration directory names:

Reviewer 2: I would add some example of allow-unresolved-absolute-files option usage
